#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile --output-file=requirements.txt requirements.in
#
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fsspec
    #   langchain-community
aiosignal==1.4.0
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
appdirs==1.4.4
    # via ragas
attrs==25.3.0
    # via aiohttp
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via google-auth
certifi==2025.7.14
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via uvicorn
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
datasets==4.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   ragas
dill==0.3.8
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   multiprocess
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via ragas
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
fastapi==0.116.1
    # via -r requirements.in
filelock==3.18.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2025.3.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
google-ai-generativelanguage==0.6.15
    # via google-generativeai
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-generativeai
google-api-python-client==2.177.0
    # via google-generativeai
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-generativeai
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-generativeai==0.8.5
    # via -r requirements.in
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via sqlalchemy
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.71.2
    # via google-api-core
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
hf-xet==1.1.5
    # via huggingface-hub
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.1
    # via langchain-community
huggingface-hub==0.34.3
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   httpx
    #   requests
    #   yarl
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via torch
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
joblib==1.5.1
    # via scikit-learn
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via jsonpatch
langchain==0.3.27
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   ragas
langchain-community==0.3.27
    # via ragas
langchain-core==0.3.72
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   ragas
langchain-openai==0.3.28
    # via ragas
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.9
    # via langchain
langsmith==0.4.10
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
lxml==6.0.0
    # via python-docx
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.6.3
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.16
    # via datasets
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ragas
networkx==3.5
    # via torch
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   langchain-community
    #   pandas
    #   ragas
    #   rank-bm25
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.6.4.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.6.80
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==9.5.1.17
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.3.0.4
    # via torch
nvidia-cufile-cu12==1.11.1.6
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.7.77
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.7.1.2
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.5.4.2
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cusparselt-cu12==0.6.3
    # via torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.26.2
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.6.85
    # via
    #   nvidia-cufft-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.6.77
    # via torch
openai==1.98.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-openai
    #   ragas
orjson==3.11.1
    # via langsmith
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   transformers
pandas==2.3.1
    # via datasets
pillow==11.3.0
    # via sentence-transformers
pinecone-client==6.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
pinecone-plugin-interface==0.0.7
    # via pinecone-client
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
protobuf==5.29.5
    # via
    #   google-ai-generativelanguage
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-generativeai
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via datasets
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pydantic==2.11.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   ragas
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.10.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   langchain-community
pymupdf==1.26.3
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via httplib2
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   pandas
    #   pinecone-client
python-docx==1.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
python-dotenv==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via -r requirements.in
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   transformers
    #   uvicorn
ragas==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
rank-bm25==0.2.2
    # via -r requirements.in
regex==2025.7.34
    # via
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests==2.32.4
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   google-api-core
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
    #   transformers
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
safetensors==0.5.3
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   sentence-transformers
scipy==1.16.1
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   sentence-transformers
sentence-transformers==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
sqlalchemy==2.0.42
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
starlette==0.47.2
    # via fastapi
sympy==1.14.0
    # via torch
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
threadpoolctl==3.6.0
    # via scikit-learn
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via
    #   langchain-openai
    #   ragas
tokenizers==0.21.4
    # via transformers
torch==2.7.1
    # via sentence-transformers
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   openai
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   transformers
transformers==4.54.1
    # via sentence-transformers
triton==3.3.1
    # via torch
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   aiosignal
    #   anyio
    #   fastapi
    #   google-generativeai
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pinecone-client
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   python-docx
    #   sentence-transformers
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   starlette
    #   torch
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.1
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3==2.5.0
    # via
    #   pinecone-client
    #   requests
uvicorn[standard]==0.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
uvloop==0.21.0
    # via uvicorn
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via datasets
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
